As-Built Architecture
	Our system implements a model-view-controller architecture as described in our design document, as we wanted the interface to get data from model, and we wanted the controller to take input from view and to use the input to modify the model and the view.
The view of our system is contained in resources/view and are all in fxml format. Assets are also held within the resources folder in resources/images and holds all of the .png’s for our robots, health, and start tiles to be used in the views. All others images are generated with JavaFX and the default JDK library. Views can get information from the model and are only accessed and modified by controllers.
The controllers in our system are split into view controllers in the controllers/view folder and other controllers are just in the controller folder. View controllers are all linked to the fxml files in resources/view and they do event handling for their respective interfaces. Other interfaces include the ForthInterpreter which handles reading Forth code and creating a stack out of it as well as GameMaster to handle events on the game views and enforce the rules of RoboSport370. Lastly, we have ViewController which instantiates scenes and manages showing and hiding them. Some of the controllers have a public model in the model folder that is used to access them via the model because they are driven by events that happen within model classes, and not just user-input like the view controllers.
The model is all within the model folder of the project. The Model classes, enums, and interfaces all hold information and functions to manipulate and present themselves. The models get their accessors and mutators called by controllers as well as from JSON files fetched from the university’s servers

Details of tricky/intricate/important bits of the system
ForthInterpreter initializes words defined by the given Forth language using regular expressions that will be used to recognize strings in the json files for the robot AI’s
ViewController is used to create the stage and scenes and to change the scenes. The publicViewController in the model folder is used  by events to send a message to the view controller to change the scene. 
Board consists of HexNodes that are all linked to each other by their sides. The important part to note is that the radius of the board is actually 3 nodes more than the actual graphical representation to make scanning and iterating around a robot simpler because it wont have to scan a null node as long as the robot is on the board and so it is less efficient systemwise, but made sense given our time restraints.


External libraries being relied on
Json-simple is being used to read json files from the University’s servers and to send the robot back in json form when we are done with it.
Junit is being used mostly for assert() in unit testing

How to compile and run 
	The Start class contains main and loads the MainMenuView and sets the view information such as icon and title. From  there the controllers take over and allow the user to navigate the program.
	To run the tests for a class, navigate to the tests folder and run the main for the test class that you wish to run.