Main Menu:
    The Main Menu is the first screen that appears when you start RoboSport370. There are four choices which you can make from this screen: Creating a new game, reading the rules, viewing statistics of robots stored online, or quitting the program. There is always a way to get back to the Main Menu screen from any other game screen since it is the root for all program flow. 
    
Create Game:
    When the Create Game screen is brought up from the Main Menu, it allows you to manage settings before playing a new game. One of  the first options you will see in the top left corner labeled "Number of Teams". This allows you to select how many teams will be in the game, either 2,3, or 6 depending on which radio button you select (6 is default). Below that is the "Board Radius", that determines the size of the board that will be played. The program will autoselect a size of 5 hexagons if there are two times, or 7 hexagons if there are 6 teams. You have the choice of size 5 or 7 only when the number of teams selected is 3. Next is the "Robot Think Time" slider which appears below the "Board Radius". This effects how long the computer controlled teams will take to make their turns (in seconds up to 30). The rest of the screen is covered by "Teams" which can be changed from Human to AI controlled by clicking the button beside the team number. For AI teams, each robot needs to be linked to a specific robot stored on the moodle server. This is done by using the drop-down menus for each robot type on each AI team. There is a "Back" button to return to the main menu, and a "Start" button to create the game and enter the in game screen. 

In-Game:
    It is recommended to read the "Rules" before playing a game, however there is enough in-game directions given on who's turn it is and what robot is making it's move. The top of the screen shows text on what teams's turn it is, there is info on the left side of the screen on which robot is making a play, and it's current statistics such as: health, range, damage, and remaining moves for the turn. When it is your turn, you can move a robot by selecting a tile adjacent to the robot an pressing the "Move" button. It is worth noting that whenever the "Move" button is pressed, the current robot will move in the direction it is FACING; the direction its facing is changed by selecing tiles around it. To shoot with the current robot, simply select a tile and press the "Shoot" button. Once you are done with a robot's turn, press the "End Turn" button. If the "End Turn" button is not pressed after 30 seconds of starting a turn, the game will move on to the next team's turn. There is a "Rules" button that displayed the rules window in case you forget something. The game is played until one team wins (see Rules), or until the "End Match" button is selected. Either situation will direct you to the post-game menu.

Post-Game:
    The Post-Game screen is brought up when a game is ended from a team winning, or the user selects the "End Match" button. The top of the screen will show text of the winning team if there is one, or "draw" if there isn't. The game overview section shows statistics of the game and automatically uploads these stats to the Moodle server. There are two buttons: "Main Menu" and "Quit", which you must choose from. Selecting "Main Menu" returns you to the Main Menu screen, and "Quit" will end the current RoboSport370 session by closing all windows associated with it. 

Rules:
    When the Rules screen is opened from the Main Menu or In-Game Screen, a separate window is brought up to read the game rules. This is useful because one can be in a current because you can read the rules while keeping the game screen open. There is no actions to be performed other than scrolling through the text to read all the rules, and closing the window. There is no "Back" button since it is a separate window from the rest of the program. 

Stats:
    When the statistics screen is activated via the Main Menu, it will display all of the robots stored on the Moodle Server. There are querying options to find specific robots which can be done by selecting specific teams from the "Teams" column, or by selecting specific robots from the "Robots" column. To select a robot or team, simply left-click the robot or team to query stats for that specific instance. Left-Clicking the "Back" button will return to the Main Menu. 

Quit:
    When the 'Quit' button is selected from the Main Menu, In-Game screen, or Post-Game screen, RobotSport370 will close and end the current session.